This is a program I wrote in college. It's mostly a curiosity. But
also, it somehow still runs, and kind of works. Props to the Perl
folks for a good compatibility policy.

------------------------------

The Canine File Manager, by Russell P. Mull (c) 2001
Version 0.5

---- Licence ----
GPL 2.0: see COPYING


---- Installation ----
This program requires Perl/Tk.  If you don't already have it, get it from CPAN:
http://www.cpan.org. 

--- Disclaimer ---
I can't recommend cfm for anything terrible important in its current form.  It
seems to work well, but I make no guarantees that bad things won't happen.  
But if they do, tell me!

--- Use ---
CFM is pretty straightforward.  Right click on a file to get context menu, or
double click it to open it with the default viewer.  All input is done in the
pane at the bottom of the window.  

CFM can be controlled almost entirely with the keyboard.  (I'm working on it)
I've endeavoured to make the keybindings familiar.  The only real non-standard
one is for the context menu.  (i)  


main keybindings:
	j: up
	k: down
	shift-j: select up
	shift-k: select down
	i: context menu	

text input keybindings:
	ctrl-g: cancel text input
	ctrl-a: beginning of line
	ctrl-e: end of line
	etc. (like in any other X program)

other keybindings:
	ctrl-g: goto directory  (unless you're inputting a string already)
	l:	limit file listing to the given regular expression. 
	ctrl-s: i-search.  Interactively selects all files matching the input
		string
	F5:	Refresh.  (I'll probably bind this to alt-r as well)


--- Configuration ---
Colors, Fonts, widget styles, and file viewers can all be controlled in .cfmrc.  
Note that this is a perl script - it is read and parsed in the context of cfm.  
So, if you know perl, you should be right at home.  CFM comes with an example, 
example.cfmrc.  

--- History ---
It is duly noted that CFM is a decendant of VSH, by Dowe Keller.  
http://www.sierratel.com/dowe/vsh.html


--- Feedback ---
Let me know if you use cfm!
